README.md, before:

# Python Elgato Stream Deck Library

![Example Deck](ExampleDeck.jpg)

This is an open source Python 3 library to control an
[Elgato Stream Deck](https://www.elgato.com/en/gaming/stream-deck) directly,
without the official software. This can allow you to create your own custom
front-ends, such as a custom control front-end for home automation software.

_________________

[PyPi Project Entry](https://pypi.org/project/streamdeck/) - [Online Documentation](https://python-elgato-streamdeck.readthedocs.io) - [Source Code](https://github.com/abcminiuser/python-elgato-streamdeck)


## Project Status:

Working - you can enumerate devices, set the brightness of the panel(s), set
the images shown on each button, and read the current button states.
Hot-plug monitoring lets applications react to Stream Decks being connected or
removed at runtime, and a simple macro framework is included for mapping
button presses to custom actions. The ``MacroDeck`` helper also provides
``configure_key()`` for quickly assigning images, labels and callbacks to keys.
Individual macros can be removed with ``unregister_*`` helpers and keys reset
via ``clear_key_configuration()``.

Currently the following StreamDeck products are supported in multiple hardware
variants:

* StreamDeck Mini
* StreamDeck Neo
* StreamDeck Original
* StreamDeck Pedal
* StreamDeck Plus
* StreamDeck XL

## Package Installation:

Install the library via pip:

```
pip install streamdeck
```

Alternatively, manually clone the project repository:

```
git clone https://github.com/abcminiuser/python-elgato-streamdeck.git
```

For detailed installation instructions, refer to the prebuilt
[online documentation](https://python-elgato-streamdeck.readthedocs.io), or
build the documentation yourself locally by running `make html` from the `docs`
directory.


## Credits:

I've used the reverse engineering notes from
[this GitHub](https://github.com/alvancamp/node-elgato-stream-deck/blob/master/NOTES.md)
repository to implement this library. Thanks Alex Van Camp!

Thank you to the following contributors, large and small, for helping with the
development and maintenance of this library:

- [admiral0](https://github.com/admiral0)
- [Aetherdyne](https://github.com/Aetherdyne)
- [benedikt-bartscher](https://github.com/benedikt-bartscher)
- [brimston3](https://github.com/brimston3)
- [BS-Tek](https://github.com/BS-Tek)
- [Core447](https://github.com/Core447)
- [dirkk0](https://github.com/dirkk0)
- [dodgyrabbit](https://github.com/dodgyrabbit)
- [dubstech](https://github.com/dubstech)
- [Giraut](https://github.com/Giraut)
- [impala454](https://github.com/impala454)
- [iPhoneAddict](https://github.com/iPhoneAddict)
- [itsusony](https://github.com/itsusony)
- [jakobbuis](https://github.com/jakobbuis)
- [jmudge14](https://github.com/jmudge14)
- [Kalle-Wirsch](https://github.com/Kalle-Wirsch)
- [karstlok](https://github.com/karstlok)
- [Lewiscowles1986](https://github.com/Lewiscowles1986)
- [m-weigand](https://github.com/m-weigand)
- [mathben](https://github.com/mathben)
- [matrixinius](https://github.com/matrixinius)
- [phillco](https://github.com/phillco)
- [pointshader](https://github.com/pointshader)
- [shanna](https://github.com/shanna)
- [spidererrol](https://github.com/Spidererrol)
- [spyoungtech](https://github.com/spyoungtech)
- [Subsentient](https://github.com/Subsentient)
- [swedishmike](https://github.com/swedishmike)
- [TheSchmidt](https://github.com/TheSchmidt)
- [theslimshaney](https://github.com/theslimshaney)
- [tjemg](https://github.com/tjemg)
- [VladFlorinIlie](https://github.com/VladFlorinIlie)

If you've contributed in some manner, but I've accidentally missed you in the
list above, please let me know.


## License:

Released under the [MIT license](LICENSE).

Commit message:

Add key update convenience helpers

README.md, after:

# Python Elgato Stream Deck Library

![Example Deck](ExampleDeck.jpg)

This is an open source Python 3 library to control an
[Elgato Stream Deck](https://www.elgato.com/en/gaming/stream-deck) directly,
without the official software. This can allow you to create your own custom
front-ends, such as a custom control front-end for home automation software.

_________________

[PyPi Project Entry](https://pypi.org/project/streamdeck/) - [Online Documentation](https://python-elgato-streamdeck.readthedocs.io) - [Source Code](https://github.com/abcminiuser/python-elgato-streamdeck)


## Project Status:

Working - you can enumerate devices, set the brightness of the panel(s), set
the images shown on each button, and read the current button states.
Hot-plug monitoring lets applications react to Stream Decks being connected or
removed at runtime, and a simple macro framework is included for mapping
button presses to custom actions. The ``MacroDeck`` helper also provides
``configure_key()`` for quickly assigning images, labels and callbacks to keys.
Individual macros can be removed with ``unregister_*`` helpers and keys reset
via ``clear_key_configuration()``. Additional ``get_*`` and ``update_*``
helpers make it easy to query and modify existing key configurations and
actions.

Currently the following StreamDeck products are supported in multiple hardware
variants:

* StreamDeck Mini
* StreamDeck Neo
* StreamDeck Original
* StreamDeck Pedal
* StreamDeck Plus
* StreamDeck XL

## Package Installation:

Install the library via pip:

```
pip install streamdeck
```

Alternatively, manually clone the project repository:

```
git clone https://github.com/abcminiuser/python-elgato-streamdeck.git
```

For detailed installation instructions, refer to the prebuilt
[online documentation](https://python-elgato-streamdeck.readthedocs.io), or
build the documentation yourself locally by running `make html` from the `docs`
directory.


## Credits:

I've used the reverse engineering notes from
[this GitHub](https://github.com/alvancamp/node-elgato-stream-deck/blob/master/NOTES.md)
repository to implement this library. Thanks Alex Van Camp!

Thank you to the following contributors, large and small, for helping with the
development and maintenance of this library:

- [admiral0](https://github.com/admiral0)
- [Aetherdyne](https://github.com/Aetherdyne)
- [benedikt-bartscher](https://github.com/benedikt-bartscher)
- [brimston3](https://github.com/brimston3)
- [BS-Tek](https://github.com/BS-Tek)
- [Core447](https://github.com/Core447)
- [dirkk0](https://github.com/dirkk0)
- [dodgyrabbit](https://github.com/dodgyrabbit)
- [dubstech](https://github.com/dubstech)
- [Giraut](https://github.com/Giraut)
- [impala454](https://github.com/impala454)
- [iPhoneAddict](https://github.com/iPhoneAddict)
- [itsusony](https://github.com/itsusony)
- [jakobbuis](https://github.com/jakobbuis)
- [jmudge14](https://github.com/jmudge14)
- [Kalle-Wirsch](https://github.com/Kalle-Wirsch)
- [karstlok](https://github.com/karstlok)
- [Lewiscowles1986](https://github.com/Lewiscowles1986)
- [m-weigand](https://github.com/m-weigand)
- [mathben](https://github.com/mathben)
- [matrixinius](https://github.com/matrixinius)
- [phillco](https://github.com/phillco)
- [pointshader](https://github.com/pointshader)
- [shanna](https://github.com/shanna)
- [spidererrol](https://github.com/Spidererrol)
- [spyoungtech](https://github.com/spyoungtech)
- [Subsentient](https://github.com/Subsentient)
- [swedishmike](https://github.com/swedishmike)
- [TheSchmidt](https://github.com/TheSchmidt)
- [theslimshaney](https://github.com/theslimshaney)
- [tjemg](https://github.com/tjemg)
- [VladFlorinIlie](https://github.com/VladFlorinIlie)

If you've contributed in some manner, but I've accidentally missed you in the
list above, please let me know.


## License:

Released under the [MIT license](LICENSE).
